hey guys um today I'm going to be using
these apps right here so we can do this
one thing where you can get mu um more
followers and likes I guess in musically
and I'm gonna test it out to see if it
works out so I'm gonna I'm going to this
one website in Chrome as you can see I'm
gonna type in um user user frenzy I
think it was calm yeah it was music
frenzy so after we're here we click what
we want to do let's see if I can do this
enter my musically name um you guys can
follow me if you want but um yeah let's
see if it works I'm gonna go for 1000 I
think you can only go up to 1000 um 50
or 500 but I'm just gonna keep it to
1000 and I put boost my profile and um
let's see if it works so it says I got
um more followers I'm gonna say
confirmed since it doesn't believe I'm
human guys I'm not a robot I'm a human
wait unfortunately it kicked me out but
it said I did get it so um let's go into
musically and see if I got my muses if
not I'm going to try the likes but I'm
not gonna put much yeah it did not work
so as you can see right here I put I had
that much my part I was in I would have
had I'm 100
1192 but it seems it did not like me so
let's try to get hearts and then go for
at least um hundred one hundred would be
fine so if I entered music frenzy calm
again oh whoops I become yeah so it
doesn't want to let me get it it says I
need to get one of these but I guess it
doesn't like me so guys um I guess that
it did not like me so I guess I'm not
allowed to do it anymore
um I don't think it works so this is a
total fail
but yeah if you guys want to try it out
to see if it works don't forget to leave
in the comments to see if it worked if
it did then good for you at doing a week
for me then let me get some unlikes or
um some more followers wait let me tell
you a job person there's my little
person like yes well anyway don't forget
to leave a ginormous big thumbs up and
don't forget to subscribe to this
channel cuz hearing you too we all know
that we all would like to be on famous
and stuff I'm probably gonna be straight
to the video nah it's all fine but I
mean yeah I'm bored right now so you
know what I'm gonna end the video right
here thank you guys for being here with
me and seeing this total fail that
didn't like me
thank you for being here this video is
suck so bye